this is strictly in 60-seconds your
quick step guide to all the action from
the ballroom this week are 12 couples
bought a mix of down style to the floor
ranging from a raunchy rubber to an
elegant Viennese Waltz which led to
Harry and Ally owner being awarded their
first ten of the series the battle
between the judges and pro dancers
heated up to boiling points run high
this week on Strictly first couple it
was time to leave the ballroom couples a
straight back to training learning a new
routine for the Halloween special next
weekend catch up on all the rehearsals
throughout the week right here at BBC
top coat UK forward slash strictly